hello gas has gone my name is darin this
is an updated guide for commodore pvp
patch 5.4 0.7 since patch 5.4 not a lot
of changes have happened our resilience
is an 80% we have way more mastery and
way more haste and a lot more agility
other than that couple changes to the
talents but still enough for me to make
a guide for you guys on the updates so
this seems like to be the last patch of
Pandaria let's do this where it all
began house top priority is still master
haste crit for gems we want to go fully
red gem for full agility for blue gem 1
agility PP power split and for orange we
want agility mastery the gems are in
front pass PvP goes there's no set
rotation for PvP as a common room you
apply revealing strike on your target
and then you use sensors strike to
generate color points
you keep pub slice and dice at all times
and then you can use your comp ones for
anything whether it be cc or recuperate
or even eviscerate for damage one way
that combat rogue differentiates from
other types of rogues
is its revealing strike which exposes
your targets burner abilities increase
in the effectiveness of Union offensive
finishing moves on that target by 35%
that means you can score yourself an 8
second kidney shop sub defers is still
the best level 15 town for comic books
as it allows us to have a clean opener
without being found too early a level 30
talents nerve strike is still probably
the best choice for arenas even though
it's effectives have been reduced from
50% down to 25 outside of arenas
combat readiness is still pretty
dominant so use it your own will
basements is still the best choice for
level 45 sound as it reduces our damage
after use an ability called paint for
our level 60 talents I still prefer to
go with bursts of speed as it allows me
mobility at any moment I require
shadow step is another useful ability
that can be exchanged instead of bursts
of speed
although it is a little bit different
it's on 24 second cooldown but it is an
instant mobility to a friendly or an
enemy target prey on the weak is still
great for level 75 towns as it allows a
better setup whenever you go on for that
eight cycle stop
paralytic poison is another great choice
has the dad's a root mechanic and extra
stands of poison stacks in order to
create or CC mark for death is probably
the best level 90 talent as it has the
most utility to be able to apply five
compounds to any target of your choice
to use them however you wish without
fensively or defensively now when it
comes to glyphs you have plenty of
candidates to choose from but for
burrowed allows an extra one second on
silence when using the wrote which is
great I'm opening on healers or casters
cliff of redirect allows those extra
swaps and extra swap time because as a
combat Road you do not generate too many
combo points so you must really use each
one of them sparingly little blind is a
great utility as it allows you to clear
all dots off of a target when going in
for a blind making sure that your blind
does not break when you're going in for
a kill or when you just go in there for
some CC but if I were you I would really
take a close look at all the glyphs and
decide which one's apply better to your
play style and which ones you don't
really prefer to use them at all as
glyphs are really up to you over the
time playing mists of pandaria up to
thus far i've develop Lenti of macros
and here you go guys a lot of people ask
for other people's macros here are my
Americas that I work with there will be
it right here on the list now you can
find most of these markers on how to
write them on different websites if you
google most of them but here's the
actual list they all look pretty clear
and all look pretty specific this is
specific to my play style so again if
you have certain specific macros you
would prefer to work with to create
again that's all up to you enough to
create your own play style but these are
my macros and if you guys had a question
about my markers well here you go
and that is it for a common guide hope
you guys enjoy the video and hope you
guys are gonna get that comet spec
rolling get this to two-handed weapons
get that prideful get rolling and go own
it up in some battlegrounds this has
been dollar I'll see you guys in the
next video